Regarding setting up our own log aggregation system, there are a few things we need to keep in mind:
Log aggregation request authentication: In order to ensure that logs are sent from real mobile applications, we need to ensure that these requests are authenticated. As logs are sent not only for authenticated users, but also users that haven't authenticated with rumble, we can't rely on rumble auth token. The best practice I've found is through app integrity checks for android and apple. Note: App integrity checks aren't implemented currently in the mobile application. In order to build a production ready log aggregation system, we first need to implement App integrity checks.
Log aggregation rate limiting: In order to ensure that malicious users or buggy application doesn't overload the backend system, we need to implement rate limiting for log requests, this would include rate limiting based on IP and device Id.
Building ingestion service that scales: In order to ensure that our backend system is able to handle spike in usage, it is recommended to push the logs received from the mobile application into a message queue (like redis or kafka) and ingest these messages in grafana through this messaging service. We would need to implement this on our system.
Ensuring low battery and network usage: Mobile applications should send the logs to the backend systems in batches to ensure that we don't use network too frequently. Furthermore, the best practices include sending logs with retry mechanism and exponential backoff, storing the logs locally during network unavailability or backend service unavailability. Mobile team would need to implement it ourselves.
All of the above mentioned aspects are solvable, but require effort. We can build a solution and iterate on top of it to incrementally bring it to a perfect state. My reservation with implementing this in house is: There are companies that provide out of the box solution for this problem for a few hundred dollars/month. Is implementing this part of the system internally the best use of our time? I am happy to jump on a call and discuss it if you think that'd make more sense. I am adding this as a comment on the ticket as well.